README.md, before:

# All the Blogs Front-end

![https://react.dev/](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)![https://mui.com/](https://img.shields.io/badge/Material%20UI-007FFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=mui&logoColor=white)![https://www.typescriptlang.org/](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)![https://redux-toolkit.js.org/](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redux-593D88?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white)![https://eslint.org/](https://img.shields.io/badge/eslint-3A33D1?style=for-the-badge&logo=eslint&logoColor=white)![prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/prettier-1A2C34?style=for-the-badge&logo=prettier&logoColor=F7BA3E)![vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Github%20Actions-282a2e?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=367cfe)

## About this project

This repository contains the front end for my blogging application project. I have tried to follow the best practices in using the selected technologies. All operations related to the application state in Redux are handled using action creators to make the React components as light as possible in terms of application logic.

All token-requiring user operations are authenticated using Json Web Token.

I have also added ESLint to the project to maintain constant code quality across the project.

Commit message:

moved more data fetching to react query, refactored blog view, refactored blog filtering

README.md, after:

# All the Blogs Front-end

![https://react.dev/](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)![https://mui.com/](https://img.shields.io/badge/Material%20UI-007FFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=mui&logoColor=white)![https://www.typescriptlang.org/](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)![https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Query-FF4154?style=for-the-badge&logo=ReactQuery&logoColor=white](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Query-FF4154?style=for-the-badge&logo=ReactQuery&logoColor=white)![https://redux-toolkit.js.org/](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redux-593D88?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white)![prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/prettier-1A2C34?style=for-the-badge&logo=prettier&logoColor=F7BA3E)

## About this project

This repository contains the front end for my blogging application project. I have tried to follow the best practices in using the selected technologies. Login status and user interface state (applied filters and notifications) are handled using Redux to avoid prop-drilling and to keep the React components as light as possible in terms of application logic.

Data fetching is managed by React Query because of how simple yet versatile it is. Perhaps a better choice for state management with React Query would have been either Zustand, Jotai or just plain Context. Maybe a bit overkill, but I chose Redux because I am very familiar with it.

All token-requiring user operations are authenticated using Json Web Token.

I have also included Prettier and ESLint to maintain constant code formatting and quality across the project.
